# CERSE Meeting - 23/01/23

## Attendees

* Mario Antonioletti
* Eleni Kotoula

## Agenda

* Have a venue for the first meeting:
  * Create a provisional agenda.
    * Presentations
      * Layout plans for CERSE
      * Digital research services on facilitation on reasearch and about DRS itself
      * Eddie/EPCC resource availability
    * Get a volunteer for the next f2f meeting in 2 months time.
    * Ice breaking exercise.
    * Teas/Coffees/Biscuits + networking.
  * Create a page in the CERSE web site.
  * Create a registration process (max 50) - Eventbrite? or MyEdEvents?
  * Begin to publicise the event (start round about 1st Feb)

## Actions

- [x] **MAA** try to book G.03 in the Bayes for a Wednesday in February. 3-5, with an hour worth of meeting and a networking session. Avoid the week beginning on the 27th Feb.
  Have a booking for G.03 in the Bayes for 15/03 from 15:00-16:45.
- [x] **MAA** See if the SSI will sponsor the teas/coffees + biscuits for the first meeting.
  Eleni said she would sponsor the first meeting's teas and coffees.
- [ ] **MAA** Create a CERSE page
- [ ] **MAA** Create the eventbright registration
- [ ] **Eleni** talk to DRS/Eddie people about talking at the meeting
- [ ] **Elen**i publicise the event once a page and registration is setup.
- [ ] **Flic** prepare a 10 minute presentation to non-RSE based folks to make it more inclusive.
- [ ] **Eleni** prepare a 10 presentation on a research facilitation.
- [ ] **Eleni** get Magdalena to give an update about the data foundry.



## Notes


